chore(docs): adding a faq to the docs (#2053)
winglang/wing: docs/07-faq/020-supported-clouds.md

---
title: Which clouds are supported by Wing?
id: supported-clouds
keywords: [faq, supported clouds, winglang, Wing programming language, Wing language, AWS, GCP, Azure]
---

> Wing was built from the ground up to make it an ideal choice for building applications on any cloud.
> Since wing is in early stages of developemnt it only supports the three biggest public clouds, with different levels of maturity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Winglang was built from the ground up to make it an ideal choice for building applications on any cloud. Every app has access to the Wing SDK, a set of batteries-included resources that represent cloud services that are common to most major cloud providers for common use cases.

Since Wing is in early stages of development, the Wing SDK supports each cloud with different levels of maturity:
```

* AWS - Fully supported. If you are able to compile your Wing code for the simulator, you shoud be able to compile it for AWS as well (with the Terraform provisioning engine).
* GCP - Partial support. Not any Wing code that compiles for the simulator will compile for GCP. 
* Azure - Partial support. Not any Wing code that compiles for the simulator will compile for GCP. 

> We are working hard on filling the support gap between the different clouds, and plan to add support for more clouds in the future.

Reviewer: Instead of saying we're planning to support more clouds, let's just ask folks what they want
```suggestion
We are working hard on filling the support gap between the different clouds -- check out our [roadmap](https://docs.winglang.io/status#roadmap) for more details. If there are other clouds you would like supported, please let us know through our GitHub or Slack!
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Beyond the common set of cloud resources in the SDK, you can create resources for any other possible cloud by importing a [CDKTF](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk) library corresponding to any given Terraform provider.

```

# How to check specific service support for each cloud

> Check out our [different roadmaps](https://docs.winglang.io/status#roadmap) to see which services are supported now on which clouds, and when they are expected to be supported if they aren't supported now.

Reviewer: (multiple roadmaps makes it sound like we're disorganized)
```suggestion
Check out our [roadmap](https://docs.winglang.io/status#roadmap) to see which services are supported now on different clouds.
```
